Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, let me get me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry about that. I was on the phone.
Ethan: The only problem is, I'm in the middle of this like renaming process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: renaming
Ethan: I will just coding and like I started renaming something. And if I don't finish that it's gonna be left in the state that I can't figure it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay, we only. We don't need to meet for very long. I just wanted to check in with you and see how you doing, you look a lot better. You can tell you've gotten sleep and stuff.
Ethan: Oh, that's good. I'm glad to hear that. It's funny, you know, it keeps happening.
When
Ethan: We meet on Monday, Wednesday and Friday and those three days are the days where I have to get up.
Ethan: At like 630 in the morning one and talk to people in Berlin.
Ethan: So I don't know if it keeps happening. But that that's what happened this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As funny.
Ethan: I'm today. I had to get up at seven again but I
Ethan: I feel
Ethan: I feel pretty rested.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had some good sleep. The last couple nights.
Ethan: Well, this past night I didn't sleep long enough.
Ethan: But yeah, the night before. I definitely got some good sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can tell the difference in your presentation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you are working on your sleep that it's getting better. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, normally your mind. You know, when you talk, you have blank spots. When you're talking to me and you're deceived and, you know, there's just this ashy look that comes over your face when you haven't slept.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's all gone.
Ethan: Gee, that doesn't sound good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish I could. I wish I could go back and show you what I see. You know what I mean. Show.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Show you. Because then you would see it. You know what I mean and realize that physical effects it has on you when you're when you're sleeping minimal or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not at all. I know.
Ethan: Yeah. Well, I wasn't
Ethan: I remember I was tired like I was really tired. Last, last time when I when I saw you definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got the last couple months. The last time was battling is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not as one time. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's been, I can tell. I can tell we're not doing good, and when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you are doing good. And, you know, since you've been on this, this, you know, downhill slope, the slippery slope.
Ethan: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you just kind of where it in your presentation. But today, your presentation as a lot better, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool. I'm
Ethan: Really happy to hear that. I had some
Ethan: Something exciting happen I think he was, he yesterday I was dead since I've talked to you the security company.
Ethan: So the sort of second company that I was considering the, the CEO kind of came after me that I tell you about this.
Ethan: Ah, yeah, I'm
Ethan: Apparently, what happened is they had a guy who does sort of who's you know in my category. I don't know if he's a senior as I am, but um they had this guy, so they thought they were kind of okay so they were in a huge hurry to hire me. That was kind of the feeling I was getting
Ethan: But then it didn't work out with that guy. So they fired him and now
Ethan: I guess that there are, there is some other
Ethan: People that are options but I seem to be the horse that the CEO is getting behind so he's pushing me. He's like,
Ethan: Get, get us your resume soon. And so I think maybe you know what I mean. I think somebody else might have some someone else that is a possibility but
Ethan: Anyway, it's really, it's a really good feeling.
Ethan: And they're, they're really strong company.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's awesome.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely do the work, start doing the work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you're going to get your resume send off to them.
Ethan: Yeah, so now i mean i already. That was my goal for the weekend, you know,
Ethan: We made that plan when we talked on Wednesday, but now it's like
Ethan: This is the would it sounds like this would be like a pretty perfect job for me at least the way that I understand it so far.
Ethan: And what this company does is like
Ethan: Here, let me try to describe it to you. I was trying to describe it to liliya and for one thing she thought it was a boring way that I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just TRIED IT AND FOR ANOTHER THING SHE BARELY
Ethan: Barely on didn't really understand or, um, but, uh, so it when you have a popular website and you're doing, like, you know, thousands of requests per second.
Ethan: By the time you get that big every single site has, it has problems where in this massive volume of traffic like requests that that is coming to them. A lot of it is like automated traffic from scammers
Ethan: Okay, so, um,
Ethan: You know, just imagine your BF h.com or, you know,
Ethan: Any site.
Ethan: Facebook and, you know, Google those sites or even like they're really huge so that that's even on a whole nother scale but
Ethan: Yeah, basically every site that's out there is getting constantly attacked by people who are trying to
Ethan: Break in with
Ethan: You know, they're trying to get somebody password that they have a database of passwords that they think might be good, but they're not sure, or they want to log on and create 1000 fake dating profiles for some reason.
Ethan: People do this and like actually sell the databases of fake profiles to other nation states just crazy thing that happens like it's like spy stuff and it's pretty interesting.
Ethan: Um, so anyway, what this company does, is there the currently the best in the market for being the the
Ethan: Intelligent defense that it analyzes the traffic and in real time. It's spots. The, the bots.
Ethan: And the attackers. It'll. It'll help you like block your site to protect to
Ethan: You know, to protect you. Your whatever it is your bank or your dating site or
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what would you be doing
Ethan: Um,
Ethan: I didn't
Ethan: I haven't heard a suggestion of what the title would be, but I'm
Ethan: A mayor. He's the CEO, the CEO. He knows me as like a DevOps director kind of guy at at Zoosk and so
Ethan: What it. I don't know if you've ever heard of DevOps. But it's kind of
Ethan: A fairly, you know, last five years ago movement in I'm in web tech
Ethan: Um, so the idea is that
Ethan: The, the engineers who are writing the programs are more directly involved with running them in in production.
Ethan: You know, monitoring them and making sure that they stay alive and running and everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah.
Ethan: That's why I'm always stressed out. I remember I was explaining to you one time that like I'm kind of
Ethan: The leader or the, you know, one of the higher level people who's involved with making sure that stuff keeps keeps working.
Ethan: Yeah, yeah. So it would be, it would be pretty much the same rule.
Ethan: No. So it would be
Ethan: I mean, yeah, what am I talking about it'd be it's going to be stressful. It's going to be when there's a big bought attack their customers are some of the big names right
Ethan: And they are the people that are responsible for, you know, I don't know, like Starbucks. They don't know what the hell did you and somebody attacks their site and like right
Ethan: So they they spend a lot of money on these products like this company that
Ethan: I mean, interviewing for
Ethan: Cells. So yeah, you're really on the line for like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of stuff.
Ethan: Yeah, you're, you're, you're, you're not exactly the first line of defense, you're usually there's another layer that sort of
Ethan: In front of
Ethan: This like bought defense stuff. But then, so yeah. You're like the second
Ethan: It's like if it was a prison break your the second fence that the guys have to jump over before they like or I know for, I guess, in prison breaks. People are trying to get out. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it is. I've had my stuff stolen before so
Ethan: Oh, you had your identity stolen.
Ethan: Yeah yeah
Ethan: Yeah. What happens is
Ethan: Unbelievably in the early history of the web.
Ethan: All the sites when when they built the sites they put people's passwords in plain text in the database.
Ethan: Which you don't have to do, but that that's how they. I don't know why, but that's how they built like all of these sites.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Ethan: And so what happened and then everybody got hacked right one, one at a time like Yahoo got hacked and LinkedIn got hacked and
Ethan: Easy target got hacked and and so one of the things that the hackers every time that happens. Um, this huge set of usernames and passwords leaks out onto the dark web millions and millions of them and
Ethan: That the hackers, get them and they keep wanting to know like, Oh, are these good are these fresh credentials for for Zoosk and so they'll make a million requests to Zeus to, like, you know, to figure out like
Ethan: Do any of these passwords work.
Ethan: Right, right. And so you want to detect those guys and stop them. And it's a crazy. It's a crazy arms race.
Ethan: Like their programs get more and more sophisticated randomized so look to look like a real human behavior. And then the detection algorithms get more and more sophisticated to basically anything that has a repeating pattern.
Ethan: Kind of, no matter which angle you look at it, you look. Finally, you see it and you're like that. I can't be human. You know, there's like 800 requests that repeat over and over again, kind of exactly the same. Yeah.
Yeah.
Ethan: Yep.
Ethan: Wow, that's what the new job is about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's really cool.
Ethan: Or will be about if I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you get to work on your resume this weekend, get it to the company and see where it goes.
Ethan: I'm going to get it to the company. And I'm gonna probably interview soon, um,
Ethan: But it sounds like it's gonna be all over zoom still like they're not expecting for like everybody to be in the office yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Makes sense. It's everything's kind of gradually coming back to some kind of what that normal looks what normal looks like nobody knows you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely the the
Ethan: Thing about this. I mean,
Ethan: This is like
Ethan: There's two jobs or two companies, there might be more but there's definitely these two companies where I know the people so well that I have this like huge advantage when it comes to like
Ethan: You know, I already kind of joke around with the CEO, you know, and tell them I need a haircut before I
Ethan: Right, so, um,
Ethan: So, yeah.
Ethan: If I don't
Ethan: If one of those doesn't work out, then it's a whole different ballgame. Because like I was like I have I got arrested this year or last year. And that's possible to find out if you do a background check these days.
Ethan: Yeah, I'm so like these companies. I don't think they'd look and if they did, I could have, you know, they, I could you know I have a conversation with the
Ethan: With whoever the hiring manager is AND PROBABLY, HOPEFULLY explain. I'm in a reasonable way what what it was about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. What charges. Did, did you, what did you get charged with
Ethan: And that was a worst
Ethan: Situation. It was like a it was a drunken
Ethan: Like
Ethan: Sort of wrestling match with liliya
Ethan: That
Ethan: Turned into me trying to
Ethan: Push to get her out of the house.
Ethan: You guys were so drunk and like, you know, so it was basically
Ethan: When we got arrest arrested.
Ethan: So he ended up falling off of the balcony.
Ethan: In the office ever and apparently the officers thought that I told them that I pushed her off of this balcony, which I totally didn't do
Ethan: Because she got hurt pretty bad.
Ethan: So yeah, we but we actually both got arrested Lily went to the hospital and then to jail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, and they charged me with domestic violence.
Ethan: They charges both lit with federal domestic violence. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Ethan: And then they didn't
Ethan: You know, they gave us a a
Ethan: Protection Order. There's like a mutual protection orders and neither of us could see the other that lasted for five days, except for like liliya was allowed to be in the apartment and it wasn't so I had to like, you know, I stayed at my head or wherever, for
Ethan: For a couple days and then
Ethan: Yeah, then we got back together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what happened with the charges. They just did they drop them or
Ethan: Yeah, like literally the same hour that we were allowed to see each other. They had this
Ethan: I don't know. It's like a announcement of what cases they're going to prosecute are ever in the following week at the courthouse and so they just they they close the case, it says insufficient evidence or something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's good.
Ethan: But it also said it's the way that these charges work really nasty.
Ethan: The whole thing. We just such a bummer.
Ethan: The way it works. The police like charged with the highest possible thing they can charge you with because they have all these advantages and
Ethan: Procedures right
Ethan: So if they charge you with such a high crime, then it gives the DA the option of sort of reconsidering whether they wanted to
Ethan: Prosecute again for UP UP TO TWO YEARS. So it's this sort of like thing thats hanging over
Ethan: I was talking to the bail bondsman and she said in her 25 years of being in the business. She's never heard seen them do that even once. So it basically doesn't happen but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Ethan: The trick is to stay sober and not getting wrestling.
Ethan: wrestling matches.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It seems like if you keep your, your faculties about yet and and don't engage in that baby maybe don't get drunk. How about that right um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then you won't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a whole lot to work, you know, worry about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what it would seem to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can explain and that might not even be on your
Ethan: Record. I mean, nobody has a
Ethan: I've talked to so many people about it and nobody has a straight answer, but
Ethan: I think it's basically how expensive of a background check, are they doing me because if they do a really hardcore Pete. You know what kind of investigator.
Ethan: You know, like, um, what's the word I'm looking for PR private investigator kind of background.
Ethan: Yeah, they have some way of like getting people's arrest records for, you know, they have to go to the courthouse, maybe a little bit
Ethan: Florida's funny like in Florida, your
Ethan: As soon as you get arrested. Your, your mug shot is like public information in the whole state.
Ethan: And so really yeah and it's one of the reasons that the Florida man phenomenon happens on the
Ethan: On the web. Have you heard of this.
Ethan: Ah, so funny. Oh my god.
Ethan: If you get if you start if you get into it. You're just going to roll over, like just dying laughing. So I think there's some I forget exactly what it is like you search for Florida man, and then your birthday.
Ethan: On the web and you're gonna find newspaper headlines for something ridiculous that happened in Phuket
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Ethan: And it always the headline starts with and they're real newspaper, the real you know real newspaper articles about real things that happened in Florida, but they're just like so absurd.
Ethan: So there's these like rooms and Reddit and Twitter and stuff where people just post and like endless lists of like these funny article names.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's funny.
Ethan: Yeah, one of them, the one that I saw when I did it was like
Ethan: Florida man loses leg after jump jumping into Lake with wearing crocs.
Ethan: Something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Ethan: Here, let's try
Ethan: Never done this.
Ethan: Florida, let's say,
Ethan: April, so
Ethan: Well this one guy is just someone getting shot and and now he so that's not that
Ethan: Oh, wow. Now they're making a TV show about the Florida man phenomena.
Oh really,
Ethan: Okay, here's one Florida MAN ACCUSED OF repeatedly exposing that's not that great.
Ethan: Anyway, check it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will definitely um, how has your self care been
Ethan: I think I get a kind of b plus
Ethan: Just
Ethan: I'm a night person and have this job where I have to get up at 630 in the morning, three, three days a week. So on some days. I'm like, I'm feeling pretty great. And then other days. I'm a little sleepy. Today the sleepy day. So that's why I was so surprised that you're the you're saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you look a lot better because the other night when I saw you, you were pretty
Ethan: Yeah. That night I might have gotten like two hours and asleep. And then, but today I got four hours or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you going to do this week to get help you continue to get back on track.
Ethan: But one awesome thing is that Monday is a holiday in Germany, so I don't have to get up at seven in the morning on Monday, and today's Friday.
Ethan: Friday. So, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, so it's five whole days that I don't have to get up at seven in the morning.
Ethan: So I think the trick. The trick is, if I can just get used to getting I felt like
You know,
Ethan: I don't have to get up early and just can't.
Ethan: Sleep until two, which is what I tend to like to do if I'm left to my own devices.
Ethan: So yeah, if I can get, you know, start to get up at nine o'clock or 930
Ethan: I'll be proud of myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks. Are you going to work on sleep regulation. Yep. You got to work on continuing in your journal
Ethan: Yep, I just wrote a little beginnings of a journal journal entry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And house you're eating.
Ethan: I'm going to see my mom tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: kiss your mom tonight.
Ethan: I'm gonna go on a picnic with liliya this weekend.
Ethan: Oh, good. Is our goal.
Ethan: I heard that it might rain so we'll see. But with that, we have plans to go explore Golden Gate Park summer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's awesome. So it sounds like a really good plan that you have in place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, and and just enjoy life a little bit in breed.
Yep.
Ethan: Yeah, I just want to feel like rested and normal and
Ethan: I love what I do. So I'm starting to get like
Ethan: half naked excited again so that feels really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. It's like, don't, don't be afraid of the change run towards it, you know.
Do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can let you go.
Ethan: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you gonna say
Ethan: Um, I was thinking about that when I was going through all that the struggle with the big conversion, because when I come out of the other side, I realized I built this awesome thing. So I was in my offered way. I was like, leading the company.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
You know,
Ethan: That I never have that perspective. I always feel like I'm like struggling to like to sort of stay alive or stay on top of things, but really what I'm doing is I'm like
Ethan: I'm trying to be forward thinking and
Ethan: And
Ethan: What's the word
Ethan: I'm not ambitious, I say innovative. That's a good. That's what I like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Innovative. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I feel like you're kind of in a good place right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean time to rest time to have a good time with your wife. Time to, you know, really continually moving forward to get back on track.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ethan: And do my resume and I'm gonna have to do an interview in a hurry, is going to be pretty interesting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's going to be really important that you get plenty of rest and that you are a fresh spring chicken at this interview right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ethan: They want an old wise guy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good. Very, very good. I think that you are, you know, really working towards getting back on where you were before. So just keep doing it.
Ethan: All right, all right.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to call your friend to while you're visiting your mom. Sorry to interrupt you.
Ethan: Oh yeah, Dan.
Ethan: I will call then I'll send Dan attacks immediately I could send them text right now because I'm going to the east day. So maybe I could see
Ethan: Too many things happening on the same time.
Ethan: Cool. Let's see the response.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Okay, so you're gonna have a great time and you're gonna tell me all about it next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Okay.
Ethan: Okay. Have a good weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, let's hope it does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And even if it does
Ethan: That's okay, too. Yeah, it's still gonna be a good weekend.
Even. That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have fun. Okay.
Ethan: Appreciate all the awesome stuff that's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah definitely stay in that positive mindset.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't try to overthink anything. Just, just do what you know is healthy so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
Ethan: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will talk to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a great weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay.
Ethan: Same. Same to you.
Okay.